RN-4.10: Added new default components for AWS installations (#41831)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-installation-and-upgrade"]
=== Installation and upgrade

[id="ocp-4-10-AWS-default-components"]
==== New default component types for AWS installations

> The {product-title} 4.10 installer uses new default component types for installations on AWS. The installer uses the following components by default:
> * AWS EC2 m6i instances for both control plane and compute nodes, where available
> * AWS EBS gp3 storage

Reviewer: Suggested:
```suggestion
The {product-title} 4.10 installer uses new default component types for installations on AWS. The installer uses the following components by default:

* AWS EC2 M6i instances for both control plane and compute nodes, when available on the region, otherwise the fallback M5 instances will be used.
* AWS EBS gp3 storage for both control plane and compute nodes
```

Not sure if we could link to the [official page](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m6i/) with a brief like this:
> Amazon EC2 M6i instances are powered by 3rd generation Intel Xeon Scalable processors and deliver up to 15% better price performance compared to M5 instances. M6i instances feature a 4:1 ratio of memory to vCPU, just like M5 instances and support up to 128 vCPUs per instance, which is 33% more than M5 instances.

wdyt @staebler  @sdodson ?

Author: Formatting fixed -- thanks

Reviewer: @ctauchen the instance name (`M6i`, `M5`), officially, has a capital letter on the first letter, when the doc refers to the instance size (`m6i.xlarge`) it will be lower case. So from `m6i` to `M6i`

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I wouldn't bother explaining why they're better. It's a new default, they get them if they don't care, if they do care then I'd expect them to know what the differences are or where to find the details.

Author: > @ctauchen the instance name (`M6i`, `M5`), officially, has a capital letter on the first letter, when the doc refers to the instance size (`m6i.xlarge`) it will be lower case. So from `m6i` to `M6i`, as I pointed out in the comment above. wdyt?

Agreed and fixed. Thanks!

[id="ocp-4-10-installation-and-upgrade"]
=== Installation and upgrade

[id="ocp-4-10-AWS-default-components"]
==== New default component types for AWS installations

The {product-title} 4.10 installer uses new default component types for installations on AWS. The installer uses the following components by default:

> * AWS EC2 m6i instances for both control plane and compute nodes, where available

Reviewer 3: s/m6i/M6i per the [AWS site](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m6i/).
